[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those
who dare to dream hoist
their flags and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey
D. Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, after taming the
terrors of the deep,
they have finally made
their way to Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level.
Listen up, guys!
Let's go!
How about I give you an option?
Enlist under our
banner as members
of the New Fishman Pirates,
or else! "Or else" meaning
we sink you right now.
Yeah right, you wish! Stupid!
[FRANKY]
Here goes. Coup de Burst!
This bubble. It's
a double structure!
We're about to run
into another bubble!
You guys ready?
Water?
[NAMI]
This current is really strong!
[CHOPPER]
Help... me...
[BROOK]
Can't breathe.
[SANJI]
Crap. Four of us can't swim.
[ZORO]
Come on. Reach!
[SANJI]
Nami! Robin!
[SANJI] Dammit. I can't
resist the current!
Where am I?
[CAMIE]
Oh, Luffy- chin !
[gasps]
It's been a while, hasn't it?
[CAMIE] This is a coral
apartment complex.
The dorms are at the very
bottom, so rent's cheap.
The top floor's
the most expensive
because it gets natural light.
It's the surface! We made it!
Hey! Camie!
[gasps] Hey, guys!
Finally!
I found my All Blue
after all these years!
[HORDY]
Interesting.
So, Straw Hat finally made
it to our turf, did he?
Good for him.
[HAMMOND] Wh-What are we
gonna do about it, Boss?
I want you to bring
him here and quickly.
[LUFFY] "Excitement Blow-out!
Sanji's Life Under Threat!"
[hiccups] The Straw
Hats are human.
They can't breathe down here.
Assuming they're still alive,
there aren't many
places they can go.
Guess we should
head for town, huh?
Wherever they are,
they can't hide for long.
[NAMI grunts]
Well, great.
Okay, now what should I do?
It's hard to believe
I'm so far underwater.
Huh?
[screams]
Super...
...landing. Hey, Nami! Whew!
Glad you made it out okay!
Yeah? No thanks to you!
You almost gave me a
heart attack, you big dummy!
Robin!
[NAMI]
Robin. Hey!
Nami?
[NAMI]
You all right?
[ROBIN]
Is this Fishman Island?
[NAMI]
Yeah, probably.
Franky's scouting out the
area to figure that out.
[FRANKY]
Hm? Back in the land of living?
[ROBIN]
So, it seems.
Find anyone else?
Nope.
Looks like we were all thrown
in different directions.
[sighs] Jeez. And we just got
back together again, too.
[FRANKY] Eh. We'll find
'em sooner or later.
They're tough suckers,
so I'm sure
they're doin' fine,
wherever they are.
[ROBIN chuckles]
He does have a point.
No offense to the crew,
but I'm more worried
about the Sunny.
I'm hopin' the locals
might have heard
some news about our big crash.
I saw a town right
around the corner.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[laughs]
[GROUP]
Sanji!
All right, here I come!
[MERMAIDS giggle]
This is it.
[SANJI]
This is my new home!
He isn't spewing
blood everywhere,
so I guess he's better now.
I don't get it.
This sucks. I wanna swim, too.
You can. All we have to do
is get you a bubble.
Whoa, really?
Uh-huh! We can have
one made in the city.
Sound good?
Yeah!
This's a lucky break.
If he had a nosebleed now,
we wouldn't be able
to do a transfusion.
Sanji's blood type is
rare and we're all out.
What? That sounds like
seriously bad news.
Hey, Camie?
Huh?
While I'm here,
there's somebody
I'd really like to see,
if we can find them somehow.
Oh? Don't tell me,
the Mermaid Princess?
[LUFFY]
Nope.
Heh. It's Jimbei!
[CAMIE]
They call him "Boss" down here.
Wait, when you say "Jimbei,"
you're talking about
the Warlord, Jimbei?
Or, I mean, "former Warlord,"
since he resigned after
the whole war-thing.
[LUFFY] Yeah, he's a
good friend of mine.
Huh?! Him and the
Pirate Empress?
You make some weird friends
when we're not around!
[LUFFY]
When Ace died two years ago,
I had a tough time
pullin' it together.
In fact, I doubt I'd
even be here right now
if it wasn't for his help.
[JIMBEI] I've had
enough of your nonsense!
[grunts]
Boy, you can't see
a thing. You're blind.
What's gone may be gone,
but you still have something
left in this world to treasure.
Don't you?!
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
I still have my crew!
Can't wait to talk to him again!
See you on Fishman
Island in two years!
Be sure to bring your
entire crew along.
I look forward to
meeting everyone!
He said to meet here,
and there's no way
I'm gonna let him down!
Now that you mention it,
I heard he went
to Marineford with you
when you rang that bell
and everyone got all worked up.
Ya-hoo!
[MERMAIDS laughing]
You know where
we can find him?
Well, it's kinda tricky,
'cause Boss doesn't
exactly live on the island
with everyone else.
Huh?
Since he resigned
from the Warlords,
they have to treat him
like a normal pirate again.
That means all the
Fishman Pirates can't stay
in the city anymore, so they
found a new place to live.
It's not too far from
here, but that's where
you'll have to go if
you want to see him.
What?
That sounds like a pain.
This place has some dumb rules!
[CAMIE] I know it seems
weird, but even though
we're all the way down here,
the War of the Best
ended up affecting us, too.
Camie!
[GROUP]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
--There's a big ship coming!
--[NIKA] Maybe.
It's a ship from the palace!
Yeah, but maybe nobody's on it.
Don't be stupid,
of course someone is.
So did you see somebody
on the ship or not?
[ICHIKA]
No. Not yet.
But it was for sure
the royal family's ship.
They don't usually
come around here.
Maybe they've come
here to arrest Luffy
'cause he didn't enter
the city the right way!
So what if they do?
You guys had better hide
before they get here!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Huh?
Sanji, quick. This way!
[SANJI]
Yeah!
She's right. That ship's
the royal gondola.
[ICHIKA]
I thought so!
--[NIKA] I knew!
--[SANKA] Maybe!
[YONKA]
Totally!
[YONKA TWO]
So what?
Even so, I doubt anyone
from the royal family
is actually riding on it.
This corner of the
island's sort of
out of the way for them,
so they don't usually bother.
[trumpet plays]
[ANNOUNCER A]
Attention, all citizens!
The three Neptune
Brothers have arrived!
[FUKABOSHI]
Greetings, ladies of the cove.
I hope that you can
answer an inquiry of mine.
[MERMAID A gasps]
The princes are here!
[MERMAID B]
Ask me! Anything!
They have princes?
[ISHILLY]
Sanji, no!
U-Uh--
[ISHILLY]
Hide here and stay still!
[SANJI]
What is the feeling?
A marshmallow, maybe?
No, it's too big for that,
but it has such a sweet smell.
Intoxicating, like
some forbidden fruit.
Yet too soft to be
a melon. Too warm.
Hey, what are--
[yells]
[FUKABOSHI]
I received a report that someone
entered the city illegally.
Have they come by here, perhaps?
If they have,
and you've seen them,
be sure to tell
♪ me-fa-so-la-ti-do!
[MAMBOSHI]
Mambo, Mambo!
Shake it shake it, moonfish.
Why we gotta do this?
Let's party with the ladies!
I'm sorry, but we haven't
seen anyone here.
They sound like common thugs.
Are they really that important?
Surely they don't
demand the attention
of princes such as you!
[FUKABOSHI]
Perhaps.
We have yet to ascertain
their identities,
so it may be too early
to say just yet.
He doesn't know ♪ la-ti-do!
Who cares? Let's dance!
Yay! Ain't no party
like a mambo party!
[MERMAIDS chattering]
What's all this commotion?
[HYOUZOU]
Huh?
[KASAGON] Aw, man, it's the
princes from Neptune's army!
[HAMMOND]
What're they doing here?
[hiccups] What a pain
in the ass. Now what?
Let's see how it plays out.
[MAMBOSHI]
Mambo Mambo, shake it!
Huh. I see. Well,
I thank you all.
We shall search elsewhere.
Forgive me for
interrupting your leisure.
[MAMBOSHI]
We'll dance again sometime!
[RYUBOSHI]
And away we ♪ go-la-ti-do!
[MERMAIDS]
Bye-bye!
Perhaps the border guards
were just seeing things.
[USOPP]
They're leaving.
[SANJI whimpering]
Soft-- So soft--
[gasps]
[SANJI whimpering]
Big! Big! Squishy--
What is that?
Aw, crap, Sanji!
[GROUP]
Eh?
[ISHILLY screams]
No! What did I do?
That was too much blood!
He needs help, now!
He's done for!
All that pent-up lust
let loose in one shot!
Sanji!
[FUKABOSHI]
Wait. No mistaking it.
That's the pirate,
Straw Hat Luffy.
Ammo Knights, go!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Yes, sir!
What a pain!
Everything here looks the same.
I could be walking in
circles for all I know.
You're Roronoa Zoro
from the Straw Hat
Pirates, right?
Yeah? So what if I am?
[HAMMOND] Well, look at
that. How convenient.
[KASAGON] I dunno. The guards
are gonna catch 'em first.
Our orders are clear,
but we don't wanna
start crap with
the Neptune Army.
Wait, hold on a second!
Please! We don't wanna fight!
We can sort out
our crimes later,
but right now,
there's an emergency!
Our friend has lost
a lot of blood
and we need a donor quick!
If you leave him here,
or throw him in jail,
he'll be dead within an hour.
His blood type is S RH negative.
I know it's rare, but does
someone here have it?
Anyone? Fishmen
and humans do have
the same kind of
blood, don't they?
Chopper- chin .
We don't have time!
Guys, this is serious!
[USOPP] Sanji. We are not
losing you over this!
Please, I'm begging you!
Whatever it takes!
I can't let my friend die!
Chopper- chin . I'm sorry.
Fishmen and humans do have
the same kind of blood,
but the situation is
complicated. The thing is...
[HAMMOND laughs]
Get a load of these humans!
You really are
stupid, aren't ya?
Weren't you a big enough
jerk the last time we met?
His name is Hammond, sir.
He's from the Fishman District.
Huh?
[HAMMOND laughs]
You're not getting a damned drop
from anybody on this island!
Why would we share our blood
with disgusting
creatures like you?
Humans aren't worth
a thing down here.
And even if someone
did help you,
decent fishmen like us,
who hate humans,
would make sure they
were punished for it.
"Punished"?
[HAMMOND] He can bleed out
right here, for all I care.
Many fishmen would
happily watch him die!
There's a law
for this, you know.
One we've followed
for a long time.
Fishmen are forbidden to
share blood with humans,
no matter what.
That law sucks!
Don't blame me for it!
After all, it was humans who set
the rule in the first place.
Our blood may be the same.
but for ages, you've
treated us like monsters,
or worse, like animals.
Your blood was too good for us!
In fact, that's why
Fisher Tiger,
the hero of this island, died.
He said that name once before.
[HAMMOND] He fought to
free slaves of all races,
and when that battle took
its toll on his body,
when he lied bloody
and battered,
not a single human
would offer their blood
to return his kindness.
A transfusion
would've saved him,
but 'cause of humans, he died!
So right now, you
have but one choice.
Well, it's not much
of a choice really.
Your friend is going to die,
and you're coming
to the Fishman District with me!
Hordy Jones, the captain
of the New Fishman Pirates,
is expecting you,
and he doesn't like to wait!
That's enough!
Hey, who cares about some stupid
rule, in the first place?
You don't have to
listen to this thug!
There's someone's life
on the line here!
We'll do anything it
takes to repay you!
Now is not the time
to get stuck on pride!
[HAMMOND]
Would you give it up already!
[CAMIE gasps]
Camie!
Come along, Straw Hat!
Now, Second Gear!
I'll take you by
force if I have to!
Trawl Net!
I'm not joining
your stupid crew!
I already told you, didn't I?
[gasps]
Jet Pistol!
Leave us alone.
[GROUP grunting]
[roars]
[USOPP]
Get away! That thing is too big!
[SEA MONSTER A whines]
My word, he made
quick work of them!
It just gave up!
I guess Luffy can tame
sea monsters now?
Cool!
What happened? That was crazy!
Impressive.
[CAMIE]
Luffy- chin ! Up here!
Bring Sanji- chin up here!
We'll go back to town!
The Ryugu is moving.
There's lots of humans there,
so might be able to
find a blood donor!
Let's hurry!
I'm coming!
[CHOPPER, USOPP yell]
Cool! Ready to go!
Thanks, Camie!
[CAMIE] Sure. We need
to head over to town.
Is that okay?
Mosu!
Hey, you can't do that!
It belongs to the princes!
I'm sorry, guys!
We'll bring your ship back
as soon as we save Sanji- chin !
[MAMBOSHI]
And away they go!
[RYUBOSHI]
How are we supposed
to get home ♪ now-so-la-ti-do?
Huh.
[CAMIE]
It's not fair.
I'd do anything in the
world to save his life,
but I don't have
the right blood type.
No, it's nothing for
you to feel bad about.
If he wasn't such a perv,
this wouldn't have happened
in the first place.
Look at him.
He's dying and he's still
thinking about boobs.
[SANJI]
...so bouncy.
So soft and bouncy and...
Stop! You're in
a delicate state!
If you keep thinking
about dirty stuff,
you're gonna lose what
little blood you have left!
[sighs] We may be friends,
but considering the way
you and Hachi got
treated back on Sabaody,
I should've guessed something
like this would happen.
There's some deep-rooted
stuff going on here.
Yeah. And to be honest,
I dunno how this'll go.
There's no promise anyone'll
help us back in town.
Huh?
We're counting on
human donors for blood,
but I haven't seen any
at all this past month.
In fact, your ship
is the first one
we've had in a long time.
[LUFFY]
Why? I thought everyone
had to come through here.
[CAMIE] Yeah, it wasn't
like this before.
Nobody can say for
certain, but we think
someone's attacking
the travelers,
like what happened
with you guys.
There's something going
on in this kingdom,
and I have a sinking feeling
it's about to get ugly.
[FUKABOSHI] Please, ladies,
you must be forthright.
Why did you try to conceal
those pirates from us?
We're sorry, Prince.
They aren't bad people.
It sounds like what happened
wasn't their fault.
They're Camie's friends,
and they got split up
from their crew,
so we didn't want them
to be thrown in jail
as soon as they got here.
[ISHILLY sighs] I hope they
find a donor for Sanji.
Alas, you misunderstood us.
Their method of entry
is no concern.
They're quite famous.
It would only be
a small formality.
We don't consider them
enemies, after all.
Yeah, we had different business
with them ♪ re-mi-fa-so-la-ti!
Then this is all our fault.
[sighs] We had a message
to pass on to them.
From Jimbei.
[NARRATOR] Sanji's love for
mermaids has turned
from a harmless obsession into
a life-threatening disaster.
Luffy and his friends take him
to the mermaid café to rest,
but they must find
a blood donor soon.
Later, Camie introduces
them to Madame Sharley,
owner of the café and
expert fortune teller.
Unfortunately, it seems that
she only sees destruction
in Luffy's future.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fishman Island
Will Be Annihilated?!
Sharley's Profecy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!